Let's take care of the validation test and the actual success case as well in this video.
So we should be able to get through it pretty quickly.
I'm going to first get started by writing in a test here or doing some validation.
So as usual, I do need to make sure that a ticket actually already exists.
So go back up to the previous test.
I'm going to copy that creation logic right there.
And I'll put it down inside of here like so.
Now in this case, we want to make a request as the same user we were when we created the ticket.
So I'm going to save a reference to the cookie that we are generating right here so that I can pretend
to be the same user over multiple requests.
So I'm going to cut out that global sign in.
And right above I'll say Cookie is global, sign in.
And I'll stick the cookie in there.
Okay.
So we are creating the ticket.
Now I want to try to make some requests to update this thing.
And as we try to update it, we're going to put in some invalid values inside of here.
And we're just going to write out an assertion to say that we get back some kind of error saying, hey,
sorry, 400, you provided us some bad input.
So we'll do an O8 request to EP.
Once again, we want to do a put request to a very specific ticket.
So I'm going to use those back tickets, we'll put in API tickets and then we'll stick in the ID from
the ticket that was created and we get that out of the response, the response body ID.
Well, then set the cookie so that I am the exact same user.
And then let's send along.
How about an invalid title?
And I'll stick with the same price of 20.
So in this case, well, we want to make sure every ticket always has a title that has some value inside
of it.
So I'm going to expect to get back a 400.
We could definitely do another follow up, one to make sure that we get a 400 if the title does not
exist.
If you want to write out that test two, totally fine.
Otherwise, I'll just do another check to make sure that a price that is invalid results in a 400 as
well.
So I'm going to copy that request.
Based it down below.
In this case, I'll put in a valid title, but an invalid price so prices can be invalid if it is in
the negatives.
So negative ten that should work just fine.
All right.
As usual, I will save this.
Flip back over.
And now it looks like we do have a failing test, which is good in this case.
The reason it's failing is that you and I expected to see a 400, but instead we got a 200.
So right now we're erroneously sending back a 200.
Even though we've put in some very bad inputs.
So let's now go add in some validation steps and we're going to make sure that that 200 that we get
turns into a 400.
All right, back over inside of my update file.
We definitely need to do some validation.
Luckily we've already imported body and validate requests.
So right after our require off middleware, let's put in an array.
We're going to write out our different validators in here.
And then after that array, I'll make sure right away that I add in the validate request middleware.
So validate request and we'll do some checks on the incoming body.
So first we will check our title.
And just like we had in our creation steps, we'll pretty much just make sure that this thing exists
so not is empty.
Custom message of title is required.
And then check out our price.
And for this, let's make sure that we've got a float here.
And we want to make sure it's greater than zero.
With the message of price.
Must be provided and must be greater than zero.
I think we use a better message back in our creation.
Handler If you want to go look up that error message and use a consistent one.
Feel free to do so.
Okay.
So that looks good.
Let's save this.
Rerun our tests.
So back over here.
Everything's passing very good.
It's now just one last thing to do.
Let's make sure that we actually can update a ticket.
So very last test down here.
As usual.
Once again, we need to create a ticket ahead of time so we can actually edit it.
I'm going to do a little bit of copy paste from the test right above.
So from the one we were just working on, I'm going to grab where we create the cookie and then make
the initial ticket.
So I copy all that.
Go down to our happy path right here.
Paste that in.
And let's try to edit the ticket.
So we'll do an O8 request.
Two EP.
I'm going to do a not a post, but a put.
And once again, we're going to use some string interpolation to API tickets.
Response Body ID.
I'm going to set the exact same cookie on there.
And I'll send along our actual update to make.
So how about this time we give it a kind of legible title?
I'll say new title.
And a price of 100.
Coming out of that, I'm going to expect to get a 200.
And then finally we could be happy with the 200.
Or alternatively, we could do one more follow up request to try to now fetch this ticket and write
out an assertion and say this thing was actually updated.
We did not do that.
On the earlier test up here.
We were making sure that update did not occur if the user was not logged in.
So since we did not do it up there, let's do it down here just so we can see what that would really
look like.
So I want to make a follow up request and just say, okay, on fetching this ticket after it's been
updated, it actually has the new title and the new price.
To fetch that ticket.
We will make another request here and I'm going to save the response as a variable.
I will call a ticket response.
They'll do our request to EP.
I want to make a gift request and I want to fetch a very particular ticket.
So I'm going to make a gift request to a very similar URL, API tickets and then the ID of the ticket.
So API tickets.
Response body.
I'd.
I'll send that off.
We do not actually have to set any cookies or anything like that because we do not require authentication
to fetch details about a single ticket.
So inside of here.
Let's write out our expectation.
So we're going to expect the response body right here.
Inside there, we should see details about that ticket.
In particular, we should have the title and the price.
The title should be equal to new title and the price should be equal to 100.
So we will expect ticket response.
Body title.
To equal.
New title.
I'm going to do a little copy paste.
I'll check the price and make sure that is equal to 100.
All right, let's save this and just make sure that this test is failing.
So I just want to make sure that it's not erroneously passing.
For some reason, it's back at my terminal.
Yep.
Looks like we're good to go.
The update was received, but never actually applied.
So let's go.
And now do a little bit of update to our route handler itself.
I'm going to go back over to the route handler handling updates.
Right here.
Then we're going to go right after we do the check to see if this user actually owns the ticket and
if they do own it.
We're going to apply the update.
To apply the update, we can use the set command on the ticket document that we already fetched.
Whenever we call set, we can pass in an object that contains the properties we want to update this
thing to.
So we want to change the title.
To wreck.
Body.
Title.
And the price to wreck body price.
After setting some new properties on the ticket that just makes updates to the document in memory.
It doesn't actually persist those updates back to our MongoDB database.
So after calling set, we then have to do an A wait ticket dot save and that's what's going to actually
persist everything back just you know a little bit of trivia after we call save those updates will be
persisted to the database.
And Mongoose is going to make sure that any further updates either due to some post save hooks, pre
save hooks, something done by MongoDB itself or whatever else, all other possible updates will be
persisted back to this ticket document that we already have a reference to.
So we do not have to say re fetch this ticket to get the updated version that's been saved.
We already have the updated version right here.
So we can continue to rely upon docent to send back details about this updated ticket.
Okay.
Let's save this.
Take a look at our tests, see how we're doing.
So looks like we're agreeing across the board.
Fantastic.
This is a super long video.
So let's take a pause right now and do a quick wrap up of all these different route handlers in just
a moment.